---
title: "This Blog is a Meme, and I, its Lord"
ttr: 3
description: 'The typical blog of an atypical Indian guy who quit his tech job to become a YouTuber.'
createdAt: '2021-04-15T00:00:00'
updatedAt: '2021-04-15T00:00:00'
tags: ['meta']
---
### Disclaimer
If the title of this post didn't convince you, then this disclaimer certainly should.
__This blog is a meme__ - please don't take it seriously.

### A short bio
My name is Suboptimal¹, and I'm just a typical Indian software engineer.
In late 2020 -- against everyone's *"best wishes"* -- __I quit my 6-figure tech job
to pursue [YouTube](https://youtube.com/SuboptimalEng) full-time__.
I keep track of my thoughts and learnings on [twitter](https://twitter.com/SuboptimalEng) & this blog.

### Why bother with a blog?
I wanted to keep written snapshots of my journey as a YouTuber __mostly for myself__, and __partially as a proof of work__.

I truly believe that __the next wave of SaaS² founders will start with a social media presence__.
Either I'm 100% right, or horribly wrong -- whatever the case is, *I'm placing a big bet³*, and __failing in public
is better than failing in private... right__?

### What's in it for you?
I consider myself to be an *indie hacker* + *content creator*, and, as such, I'll be writing __posts about my life as a solo-founder⁴ and YouTuber__.
Here's a small taste of what you can expect:
- Monthly updates of my YouTube stats (that I [post on twitter](https://twitter.com/SuboptimalEng/status/1362817842547216384?s=20))
- Why I left the tech industry to become a YouTuber
- The financial ups and downs of running a small YouTube channel

### Footnotes
- [1]: Not my real name, though I really wish it was.
- [2]: Software as a service.
- [3]: The opportunity cost of leaving tech: ~200k/year.
- [4]: I have not made any products as of Apr. 15th, 2021.
